Hey, Conan O'Brien here.
I hope, like me, you're staying calm,
you're staying safe, and
you're staying at home
avoiding crowds.
One thing people are worried about
is where can they get hand sanitizer?
That's right, some guy came
along, went to the store,
and he bought up all the hand sanitizer.
And he has much more than he needs
and he's just sitting on it.
And he wants like 10,000 dollars a squirt.
The guy's like, "What are
you gonna do about it?
"What are you gonna do about it?"
That's just a character I came up with,
but I bet that's exactly
what the guy sounds like.
"What are you gonna do?"
"What are you gonna do about it?"
"Are you gonna buy my
sanitizer?" (chortling)
It's just a guy I came up with.
Yeah, I don't have a name for him yet,
but I'm working on it.
The point is this: don't worry
about buying hand sanitizer.
You can make it at home, and
I'll show you how right now.
Start off with a bottle of Tito's vodka.
So you take your Tito's, okay?
Pour out a little bit to make room.
(yelling) Next ingredient: Listerine.
Just about that much should do.
You want this stuff to spread
on real nice and smooth.
That's where Kiehl's hand lotion comes in.
And just make sure you get
a lotta Kiehl's in there.
Next, garlic.
Garlic kills everything, just
ask a vampire. (chuckling)
That's joke's free. (sings gibberish)
Get a Windex bottle that
you've got around the house.
Take the sklootcher,
which is what I call it.
Screw that on, and bingo, bango, bongo,
you are ready to go.
Look at that, look at that.
Look at that, look at that!
Hold on a second; look at that!
Here we go, look!
It's got Kiehl's in it!
The Kiehl's broke it!
Don't put as much Kiehl's in as I did.
Still, it works just fine.
My hands are drunk.
Hope that helped; be well.